✅ Root cause is back (and it’s definitive): PGCRYPTO / encryption key mismatch
Your new application log shows the smoking gun on both endpoints:

/api/v1/shareholders/ → psycopg2.errors.ExternalRoutineInvocationException: Wrong key or corrupt data → django.db.utils.InternalError: Wrong key or corrupt data Source
/api/v1/holdings/ → hits related shareholder, then the same Wrong key or corrupt data error Source
This error is produced by PostgreSQL crypto functions (pgcrypto) when decrypting data with the wrong key (or corrupted ciphertext). It’s not a frontend issue; the server is crashing while reading encrypted fields.

Why “Create Shareholder = Green” but “List Shareholders = 500”
Create can succeed if the newly created row has minimal encrypted reads or the UI confirms via the POST response.
List crashes because it reads many rows and triggers decryption on at least one encrypted column (shareholder/holding related data).
The list call pulls older rows too—one bad decrypt blows up the whole queryset pagination. Source
What to do next (short, no experiments)
Option A (fastest): Make staging use the same encryption key(s) as the data
Ensure staging has the exact same value(s) as production for:
PGCRYPTO_KEY
(and if used for app-level crypto) SECRET_KEY / DJANGO_SECRET_KEY
Redeploy App Runner.
This is the “mirror” approach: production data requires production keys.

Option B (cleanest long-term): Rebuild staging data so it matches staging keys
Recreate staging RDS (fresh).
Restore production schema + data but re-encrypt sensitive fields using staging keys (requires a scripted re-encryption path), or load anonymized staging-safe dataset.
Immediate confirmation check (one thing)
You currently have PGCRYPTO_KEY in staging App Runner as a runtime secret. The question is: does it match production’s PGCRYPTO_KEY?

If the answer is “no / unknown”, that’s exactly why decryption fails.

Evidence snapshot (what proves it)
The error line you provided is conclusive and repeated:

psycopg2.errors.ExternalRoutineInvocationException: Wrong key or corrupt data Source